# Future developments

As a team we have acknowledged that are site would need to implement further changes to stay relevant and useful for our target audience.  In future phased deliveries we would implement a fully functioning discussion forum, as discussed at length during our useability testing. The discussion forum was highlighted as having limitations as individuals wanted to see historic posts and have active discussions with one another in this space, something our current feature does not allow. We were unable to deliver this to meet the needs of our users in our original timeframe. However, as a group we recognise the significance of implementing improvements to this feature, as it will create a relevant space for individuals to share their creative ideas and collaborate to become leading fashion icons within the Manchester student space. This is at the forefront of our future developments to the site, followed closely by improvements to the content by ensuring it is kept relevant and up to date. Content improvements would need to be made to ensure it stayed relevant and was an accurate picture of the shops and fashion currently available in Manchester. We discussed and would like to include more interactive elements and enhanced features to allow users to leave reviews of the stores and discount codes we have provided. We believe this feature would allow users to see the best spots and most useful discount codes and be able to make informed decisions about where they shop. This will ensure our content remains relevant and helpful to our users as they move to the city for university. 
